c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\bin\AleamRamais.dll
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\bin\AleamRamais.pdb
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\bin\AleamRamais.xml
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.Resources.resources
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.dll
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.xml
c:\users\manoel.florindo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AleamRamais\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.pdb
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\AleamRamais.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\AleamRamais.pdb
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\AleamRamais.xml
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.Resources.resources
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.xml
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.pdb
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\Interop.CRDESIGNERLib.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\AleamRamais.dll
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\AleamRamais.pdb
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\AleamRamais.xml
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\Interop.CRDESIGNERLib.dll
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\Interop.Crystal.dll
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.Resources.resources
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.dll
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.xml
C:\Fonts\testes\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.pdb
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\mysql.data.entity.EF6.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\MySql.Web.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\Interop.Crystal.dll
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Fonts\ProconALEAM\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\AleamRamais.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\AleamRamais.pdb
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\mysql.data.entity.EF6.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\MySql.Web.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\Interop.CRDESIGNERLib.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.Resources.resources
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\obj\Debug\AleamRamais.pdb
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\AleamRamais.dll.config
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\CrystalDecisions.CrystalReports.Engine.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportSource.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\CrystalDecisions.Shared.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\CrystalDecisions.Web.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ClientDoc.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataSetConversion.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Prompting.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.XmlSerialize.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ObjectFactory.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonControls.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\stdole.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\Microsoft.ReportViewer.ProcessingObjectModel.DLL
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WebForms.DLL
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\log4net.dll
C:\Fonts\sWebFerias\AleamRamais\bin\log4net.xml
